#About Us
Founded in August 2019 by Beatrice Kerling Voight, Vorteer Technologies Ltd. is an ambitious technology company dedicated to ensuring the longevity of markets through environmentally-friendly practises, innovation, and advocacy for industry-friendly regulations. Despite being a small team mostly composed of students, our strong passion, expertise, and dedication have driven us to achieve significant accomplishments. We have collaborated with esteemed organisations such as the Meteorological Service of New Zealand and the National Weather Service in the United States. And, furthermore, our team of electronics experts bring combined experience in areas such as Radio Broadcasting and Communications, Software Engineering and Computer Programming, Networking, and Cloud Storage.

#Our Commitment
At Vorteer, we are committed to creating a positive global impact. With an international presence in New Zealand, Australia, and the United States, we understand the complexities of global markets and cater to diverse needs. We prioritize ecological solutions, primarily focusing on enhancing the quality of life for future generations by offering eco-friendly solutions across all our services. Additionally, we actively collaborate with innovative startups like XYO Network and Helium Network, exploring environmentally friendly options for the minting processes of their cryptocurrency, for example. Moreover, our web hosting services run on power sourced from Solar, Wind, and LORAWaN.
